Rewrite the 'PivotGrid - Chart Integration' demo description (#1329)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/PivotGrid/ChartIntegration/description.md

> PivotGrid allows you to integrate the [Chart](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/) component to visualize data. Do the following to configure components integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PivotGrid allows you to integrate the [Chart](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/) component to visualize data. The Chart is synchronized with the PivotGrid and visualizes currently displayed total summary values. Expand a row or column header in the PivotGrid below to see how it works.
```

## Bind the Chart to the PivotGrid

> To bind these two components, create a Chart and pass its instance as the first agument to the [bindChart(chart, integrationOptions)](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Methods/#bindChartchart_integrationOptions) method. You can call the **bindChart(chart, integrationOptions)** method at any point of your application. In this demo, we call this method in the main function and use [instances](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Methods/#instance) to bind the components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To bind these two components, create a Chart and pass its instance as the first agument to the [bindChart(chart, integrationOptions)](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Methods/#bindChartchart_integrationOptions) method. You can call this method at any point of your application. In this demo, we call this method in the main function and use [instances](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Methods/#instance) to bind the components.
```

> If you use only the first argument and omit **integrationOtpionss**, PivotGrid passes all field data to the Chart. Row field values form chart [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/), and column field values form [arguments](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/). The Chart displays values of each data field on a separate [value axis](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/). If you need to customize the resulting chart, use  the second argument of the **bindChart(chart, integrationOptions)**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use only the first argument and omit **integrationOptions**, default settings are used: row field values form chart [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/), and column field values form [arguments](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/). The Chart displays values of each data field on a separate [value axis](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/). If you need to customize the resulting chart, specify the **integrationOptions** argument.  
```

## Convert PivotGrid Fields to Chart Series

> The second argument of the **bindChart(chart, integrationOptions)** method allows you to customize the Chart. Use the fields of the **integrationOptions** object to configure chart's content, behavior, and appearance. The following fields allow you to customize the behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following **integrationOptions** to specify how PivotGrid fields should be converted to chart series:

```

> - **alternateDataFields**       

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **alternateDataFields**: Boolean       
```

> Specifies whether to to group data field values in the chart's legend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether to alternate data fields in the resulting chart.
```

> - **dataFieldsDisplayMode**     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **dataFieldsDisplayMode**: *"singleAxis"* | *"splitAxes"* | *"splitPanes"*     
```

> Specifies whether to display data on a single value axis, multiple axes, or on separate panes.

Reviewer: I think it would be better to copy the list from the bindChart description.

> - **inverted**      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **inverted**: Boolean      
```

> Specifies whether row field values form chart [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/), and column field values form [arguments](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/) (if **true**) or vice versa.

Reviewer: Copy from bindChart

> - **putDataFieldsInto**     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **putDataFieldsInto**: *"series"* | *"args"*     
```

> Specifies whether data fields go to the chart arguments or series.

Reviewer: Copy from bindChart

> This demo sets the **alternateDataFields** field to **false** and **dataFieldsDisplayMode** to *"splitPanes"*.

Reviewer: Split and move this to the descriptions of these fields.

## Advanced Customization

> The fields listed below allow you to configure the Chart's content, behavior, and appearance. Use these functions to additionally customize the Chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **integrationOptions** object also can contain the following functions that allow you to process PivotGrid data before visualization and customize the Chart and its series:
```

- **processCell**       

> Processes a cell's data before the Chart displays it. You can access raw cell data and the **chartDataItem** object that contains already processed data.

Reviewer: Since we are going to send the reader away for more information, we shouldn't give only some pieces of it here.

```suggestion
Processes a PivotGrid cell's data before the Chart displays it.
```

- **customizeChart**        

> Allows you to customize the Chart's appearance. Accepts fields listed in the Chart's [configuration](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/), except [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#dataSource).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to customize the Chart's appearance.
```

- **customizeSeries**       

> Allows you to customize the Chart's series. Accepts [series properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/), except [seriesTemplate](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/seriesTemplate/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to customize the Chart's series.
```

> Refer to the **bindChart(chart, integrationOptions)** method's [description](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Methods/#bindChartchart_integrationOptions) to see the structure of arguments these functions accept. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the **bindChart(chart, integrationOptions)** method's [description](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Methods/#bindChartchart_integrationOptions) for more information on these functions. 
```

PivotGrid allows you to integrate the [Chart](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/) component to visualize data. The Chart is synchronized with the PivotGrid and visualizes currently displayed total summary values. Expand a row or column header in the PivotGrid below to see how it works.

## Bind the Chart to the PivotGrid

> To bind these two components, create a Chart and pass its instance as the first agument to the [bindChart(chart, integrationOptions)](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Methods/#bindChartchart_integrationOptions) method. You can call this method at any point of your application. In this demo, we call this method in the main function and use [instances](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Methods/#instance) to bind the components.

Reviewer: The `instance()` method is only used in jQuery.

```suggestion
To bind these two components, create a Chart and pass its instance as the first agument to the [bindChart(chart, integrationOptions)](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Methods/#bindChartchart_integrationOptions) method. You can call this method at any point of your application. In this demo, we call this method in the main function and use instances to bind the components.
```

If you use only the first argument and omit **integrationOptions**, default settings are used: row field values form chart [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/), and column field values form [arguments](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/). The Chart displays values of each data field on a separate [value axis](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/). If you need to customize the resulting chart, specify the **integrationOptions** argument.  

## Convert PivotGrid Fields to Chart Series
You can use the following **integrationOptions** to specify how PivotGrid fields should be converted to chart series:

- **alternateDataFields**: Boolean       
Specifies whether to alternate data fields in the resulting chart. This demo sets the **alternateDataFields** field to **false**.

- **dataFieldsDisplayMode**: *"singleAxis"* | *"splitAxes"* | *"splitPanes"*     

> Accepts one of the following values.   

Reviewer: We already list them in the previous line.

```suggestion

```

    - *"singleAxis"* - All data field values are displayed on a single [value axis](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/).  
    - *"splitAxes"* - each data field has an individual value axis. Applies only if **putDataFieldsInto** is *"series"*.
    - *"splitPanes"* - each data field has an individual [pane](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/panes/). Applies only if **putDataFieldsInto** is *"series"*.

>     Applies only if the PivotGrid contains several [data fields](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/). In this demo, the **dataFieldsDisplayMode** field's value is *"splitPanes"*.

Reviewer 2: Is this description missing the option name?

- **inverted**: Boolean      

> If **true**, [row field](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid/Visual_Elements/#Headers) values go to the [chart arguments](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/) and [column field](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid/Visual_Elements/#Headers) values form [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/). If **false** - vice versa..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If **true**, [row field](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid/Visual_Elements/#Headers) values go to the [chart arguments](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/) and [column field](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/PivotGrid/Visual_Elements/#Headers) values form [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/). If **false** - vice versa.
```

- **putDataFieldsInto**: *"series"* | *"args"*     

> Accepts one of the following values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    - *"args"* - data fields constitute the Chart arguments.  
    - *"series"* - data fields constitute the Chart series.

## Advanced Customization

> The **integrationOptions** object also can contain the following functions that allow you to process PivotGrid data before visualization and customize the Chart and its series:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **integrationOptions** object can also contain the following functions that allow you to process PivotGrid data before visualization, and customize the Chart and its series:
```
